Make DataFrame.to_string output full content by default (#28052)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

Enhancements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - :meth:`DataFrame.to_string` added new optional param ``max_colwidth`` to avoid use of display options (:issue:`9784`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :meth:`DataFrame.to_string` added the ``max_colwidth`` parameter to control when wide columns are truncated (:issue:`9784`)
```
